♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Skye] "Pup Pup Boogie."
-[elevator dings]
-[barks]
Whoa! [grunts]
Excuse me, Ryder, sir.
What's the hurry, Chase?
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
Is the new and improved
Pup Pup Boogie 2: Extra Dancing here yet?
I heard it was coming on the next train.
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-Not yet, Chase.
♪ Shimmy groovin' ♪
I'm playing the old Pup Pup Boogie.
You want to try too?
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-All right, let's boogie!
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
[barks]
[laughing]
-[quacking]
-Huh?
-Uh-oh.
-[quacking]
[giggles]
[barks]
[quacking]
Whoa, nice moves, Skye.
Skye, how can you do all those tough moves
without messing up?
I have a trick.
When I learn a step for the first time,
I say the moves out loud, like this.
Front paw, front, back paw, side.
[Chase] Front paw, front, back paw, side.
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
I'm getting it.
-[howls]
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-Get ready to sit up and…
-[both] Tailspin!
Whee!
-Whoa! Whoa!
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-[both grunt]
-You both made the next level.
-Yes!
-[laughing]
Whew!
I need a water break.
[barking]
Is the new Pup Pup Boogie here?
It's supposed to come later today.
I can't wait.
I've been working on my tailspin. Watch.
Whoo-hoo!
[grunts] Whoa, whoa, whoa!
[grunts]
Nice catch, Ryder.
[phone ringing]
Ryder here.
Ryder, we have a big problem!
A train car went off the tracks
and bent some rails.
Now today's train
can't get into the station,
and it's carrying
a very important delivery.
I need help!
Don't worry, Mayor Goodway.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
-[barking]
Yahoo!
[howls]
[beeps]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
Race ya!
[panting]
Wait a second.
Uh-oh! Whoa!
And tailspin! Whee!
Ah! [grunts]
Wait for me!
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Pups, there's an emergency
in Adventure Bay.
-[beeps]
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-Huh?
-[laughs]
-♪ Shake it, move it ♪
-Oh yeah!
-♪ Show me what you got, that pup stuff ♪
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-♪ Can't stop the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-♪ Groovy ♪
-Uh, sorry, Ryder. I'm done.
Nice moves, Marshall.
A train car went off the tracks
and bent up some of the rails.
We have to move the car
and fix the tracks
or the train can't come
through Adventure Bay.
The all new Pup Pup Boogie 2
is coming on that train.
All new Pup Pup Boogie 2!
I got to dance. I got to…
stop doing that.
Okay, I'm all done for real this time.
-[beeps]
-Chase, for this mission,
I'll need you to use your winch
to pull that heavy train car
off the tracks.
Chase is on the case!
[beeps]
Rubble, I'll need you
to dig up the bent track
and bring in new rails.
Rubble on the double!
All right, PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren wailing]
You're here!
This is a disaster!
The track's bent!
This cargo car is too heavy to move,
and the train's due in just a few hours.
If anyone can fix it in time,
it's the PAW Patrol.
Chase, can you move the box car
so we can repair the tracks
-and let the train through?
-Will do, Ryder, sir!
[barks]
Attaboy, Chase.
Okay!
[Ryder] Good job, Chase!
Hmm, these rails are bent.
And look, this tie is-- [grunts]
-Rubble, are you okay?
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
Sure, I'm good. I'm great.
Youch! I'm hurt.
We better have Katie look at this paw.
I'll call the engineer
and tell him to stop the train.
Hello? Hello? Hello?
[whistle toots]
[Ryder] The train engineer didn't answer.
How's Rubble?
His paw is sprained.
[whimpers]
Stay off it and ice it.
I can't stay off it.
I've got a train track to fix.
[Ryder] You're going to rest.
Someone else will have
to drive your digger.
You can, Ryder.
You're the one that taught me
how to drive it!
I'm not sure I'm the right size for it.
But I'll give it a try.
[grunting]
Ah, I don't fit.
Time for plan B.
What's plan B?
You are, Chase.
Huh?
I don't know.
I've never driven Rubble's rig before.
Don't worry. I'll talk you through it.
-Ready?
-Chase is on the case, Ryder, sir!
Okay, it's simple.
Press the green button for go.
That wasn't so hard.
What's next?
Now press the "bucket up" button,
push the gas and ease off the brake.
"Bucket up" button? Hit the gas?
Oh, wait! The brakes!
[brakes screech]
Easy! Too much gas!
No, that's the drill arm!
Huh? Where did this hill come from?
[whimpers]
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Chase, hit red to stop!
Chase, are you okay?
Uh, I'm a little dizzy,
but I'll be all right.
Hmm,
the train's getting closer to the station.
[whistle toots]
We don't have much time.
Sorry, Ryder, I had trouble
following the instructions.
Just like I did in Pup Pup Boogie.
That's it. I'll call out the moves,
and you repeat them,
-just like Skye did with Pup Pup Boogie.
-Yes!
First hit the square button on the left.
The square button? What's that?
-The radio, hit it!
-[chuckles]
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-Okay, ready?
One, two, three,
and left front paw, push lever.
Left front paw, push lever.
Right paw, push down.
Hey, it's moving. And I'm grooving. Ow!
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie
Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
Left paw, black button.
[Chase] Left paw, black button.
Oh, yeah, I got it.
[howls]
Perfect, now we just need
to lay down the new rails.
Phew, that's it!
The track is fixed.
And just in time. The train's coming.
Yoo-hoo! You fixed the track, Chase!
-What a good puppy!
-Oh yeah, right there.
I knew the PAW Patrol could do it!
Whenever you need us, just yelp for help!
Special delivery
for Mayor Goodway and the PAW Patrol!
Thank you and just in time!
The new, improved Pup Pup Boogie 2!
Whoa, yeah, here we go, uh-huh!
-[barks]
-Yes!
-Break it down! Oh yeah!
-[laughs]
Wow, whoo-hoo! Yeah!
Ryder, can I go play?
I mean, boogie with Skye?
You sure can. You were awesome today.
What a good pup.
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
♪ Shake it, move it ♪
♪ Show 'em what you got
That Pup Pup stuff ♪
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
♪ Shimmy groovin' ♪
♪ Pup Pup Boogie, can't get enough
Can't get enough ♪
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-Yeah!
-Yeah
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-Whoa!
Whoa! ][grunts]
[both laugh]
Thanks, Mayor Goodway.
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-[laughs]
[theme music playing]